figure.constrained_layout.use: True
date.converter               : concise

font.size           : 12

lines.linewidth     : 2

axes.titlesize      : 16
axes.labelsize      : 12
axes.titlepad       : 12

figure.figsize      : 10, 8 
figure.titlesize    : 16
savefig.facecolor   : white

lines.markersize    : 8

legend.fontsize     : 12

xtick.labelsize     : 12
ytick.labelsize     : 12

xtick.direction     : in
xtick.top           : True
xtick.minor.bottom  : True
xtick.major.bottom  : True
xtick.major.top     : True
xtick.minor.top     : True
xtick.minor.visible : True
xtick.major.size    : 8
xtick.minor.size    : 4
xtick.major.width   : 1.5
xtick.minor.width   : 1.5

ytick.direction     : in
ytick.right         : True
ytick.minor.left    : True
ytick.minor.right   : True
ytick.minor.visible : True
ytick.major.left    : True
ytick.major.right   : True
ytick.major.size    : 8
ytick.minor.size    : 4  
ytick.major.width   : 1.5
ytick.minor.width   : 1.5
